Date: 2014-10-14
This is the metadata file that explains the attributes for the wfp_poi_bcp_wfp layer: Border crossing points 
Any attributes which are blank or '0' had no data entered at the time of realease.
Please contribute by giving your inputs at osep.gis@wfp.org or connect on http://geonode.wfp.org/


Category: Points of Interest / Transportation
Shape: Point

Schema and Attribute Details:

wfp_poi_bcp_wfp
----------------
  
	objectid integer NOT NULL: ArcGIS ID
	status character varying(25): Status of the BCP
			Unknown
			Open
			Closed
	customs character varying(25): Has custom or not
			Unknown
			Yes
			No
	iso3_1 character varying(5): ISO3 code of the country 1 at the border. This field is calculated automatically. It is the ISO3 code of the country that intersects the feature.
	iso3_2 character varying(5): ISO3 code of the country 2 at the border. This field is calculated automatically. It is the ISO3 code of the first country that intersects the feature with a buffer area (1-5km) and it is not the iso3_1 value. We don't consider more countries in the case where the border is at the intersection of 3 or more countries.
	locprecision character varying(25): Precision of the location
			Accurate => GPS coordinates, digitized from an high resolution satellite imagery or a detailled map (accuracy at the street level)
			Approximate => Precision which is not below the city/town level. It often corresponds to a point equivalent at the point of the city/town/village
			Bad => Feature with a very low precision. A feature exists in 1 area (province, region...) but we don't know where exactly, the reference (settlement) is impossible to find and the point is put randomly
			Unknown => No information regarding the precision
	latitude numeric(8,5): Latitude of the point (Calculated automatically from the geometry)
	longitude numeric(8,5): Longitude of the point (Calculated automatically from the geometry)
	wfpregion character varying(4): WFP Region of the feature (Calculated automatically from the geometry and the WFP presence layer)
			OMB
			OMC
			OMD
			OMJ
			OMN
			OMP
	lastcheckdate timestamp without time zone: Date of the last check of all (or a part) of the attributes. The date has to be specified manually during the edits
	remarks character varying(1000): Notes/Description/Remarks - The user is free to enter any information that is necessary but cannot be stored in the others fields
	source character varying(254): Source of the information. It could be the source of the geometry or the source of the main attributes. Several sources can be accepted for the same feature(list of names)
	createdate timestamp without time zone: Date when the feature has been created. Calculated automatically at the database level while saving (commit) the edits. 
	updatedate timestamp without time zone: Date of the last update. Calculated automatically at the database level while saving (commit) the edits. Different of the lastcheckdate because the user can forget to specify the date manually or because sometimes we can do a quick edit (for example change the status or correct misspelling) without checking all attributes.
	wfpuse character varying(25): Use for WFP Operation or not
			Unknown
			Yes
			No
	bcpname character varying(50): Name of the BCP. Could be the name of the border station, the given name to the border or the name of the village/town
	geonameids character varying: list of geonameids of the closest villages/towns from the geonames database
	shape geometry: Geometry
	
	
	
